Honor product/company name cases - nitpicking (part 7) (#15304)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/network_information_api/index.md

---
{{DefaultAPISidebar("Network Information API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The Network Information API provides information about the system's connection in terms of general connection type (e.g., 'Wi-Fi', 'cellular', etc.).

Reviewer: This is a keyword, you cannot change it.
```suggestion
The Network Information API provides information about the system's connection in terms of general connection type (e.g., 'wifi, 'cellular', etc.).
```

Author: Good catch!
